Fix Schemas#getTableInfo to be able to get ForeignTable (#19758)
crate/crate: docs/appendices/release-notes/6.3.7.rst

Fixes
=====

> - Fixed an rare issue that cause queries involving foreign tables to throw

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a rare issue that causes queries involving foreign tables to throw
```

>   ``UnsupportedOperationException`` due to failed table lookups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ``UnsupportedOperationException``.
```
